{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\info
{\author FLVS}
{\*\company FLVS}}\margl1440\margr1440\vieww12240\viewh15840\viewkind1\viewscale110
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 REPORTER\'92S NOTEBOOK\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 You will use this document for Lessons 02.01, 02.02, 02.04, and 02.05. Please save it to your computer so you can add your work with each lesson.\
Topic:  Write an informative news story about your chosen career in journalism.\
Chosen Career:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc
\cf0 PART ONE \'96 Lesson 02.01
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 For Part 1, you must identify 
\b three sources
\b0  that can give you useful and credible information about your chosen career:\
1.	What is your first source? Provide a name and a link:\
\
Why is this source valuable? \
\
How do you know this source is credible? \
2.	What is your second source? Provide a name and a link:\
\
Why is this source valuable? \
\
How do you know this source is credible? \
3.	What is your third source? Provide a name and a link:\
\
Why is this source valuable? \
\
How do you know this source is credible? \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 PART TWO - Lesson 02.02
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 For Part 2, you must draft a 
\b lead sentence
\b0  for your news story about your chosen career in journalism. Your sentence must meet the following requirements:\
\pard\tx720\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 1.	It must be between 20 and 30 words long.\
2.	It must address at least three of the WWWWWH questions.\
3.	It must not express opinion.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
1.	Write your lead sentence:\
\
2.	Identify the 
\b who
\b0  in your lead: \
3.	Identify the 
\b what
\b0  in your lead: \
4.	Identify the 
\b when
\b0  in your lead: \
5.	Identify the 
\b why
\b0  in your lead: \
6.	Identify the 
\b where
\b0  in your lead: \
7.	Identify the 
\b how
\b0  in your lead: \
8.	How many words is your lead? \
9.	Have you remained impartial? \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 PART THREE - Lesson 02.04
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 For Part 3, you must 
\b conduct an interview
\b0  and then write a 
\b 500-750 word first draft
\b0  of your news story about your chosen career:\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 1.	List the name of your interviewee and the date you conducted the interview. \
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 2.	Paste your entire first draft of your news story here. It must be a minimum of 500-750 words long, and it must include your lead, direct quotations from your interviewed source, and references to information you learned from your research sources. Refer to the rubric to make sure you have met all the requirements for this draft. \
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\b \cf0 PART FOUR - Lesson 02.05
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sb100\sa100
\cf0 For Part 4, you must 
\b revise your news story
\b0  and 
\b reflect on the revision process
\b0 . If you are doing the 
\b collaboration opportunity
\b0 , you must follow the instructions for sharing your work with another student: \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 1.	Paste your entire revised news story here. Highlight in yellow areas you revised from your original draft. \
\
\
\
\
\
2.	In one paragraph, describe the changes you made to your draft when you revised. \
\
\
\
}